greeting Hey, how are you doing?
greeting how are you?
greeting Hey, how are you
greeting hello
greeting I'm doing great how are you?
greeting Hello, how are you doing today?
greeting hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with
greeting hi, what's up!
greeting Wow, hello.
greeting Hi, how are you doing!
greeting how are you doing today?
greeting Hello, how are you?
greeting Hey, how are you?
greeting hello there, how is it going?
greeting hello there!
greeting Hi, how are you?
greeting hey, whats up?
greeting Oh hello.
greeting hello there, nice seeing you
weather It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book.
weather is it raining pretty bad today?
weather yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here
weather I hope the weather will be nice
weather It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks
weather Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!
weather surprising that the rain started early this year.
weather I don't think I can survive in that weather ever.
weather I think we need more rain here
plans Take the least interesting day of the week off and work on the most interesting?
plans haha Have any fun weekend plans yourself?
plans I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!
plans Its next saturday.  Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.
plans Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
plans Hope you are having fun doing that  Any plans for the weekend?
plans so what are you doing these holidays?
plans A couple projects that I am trying to finish up before Thanksgiving  Do you have any fun plans for the break?
plans This weekend I went rock climbing!
plans I plan to do plenty of shopping here.
plans Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights.
plans Where in europe do you plan to visit?
plans Yes, no shopping plans but I can't wait to eat thanksgiving food.
plans uh oh, I'd better not to plan for BBQ then instead just enjoying playing board games inside
plans Last weekend I saw "The Parasite.
plans what do you plan to buy?
plans any plans this weekend?
plans Do you have any plans for the holidays?
plans how's week so far?
plans How has your week been?
plans Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
plans Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?
plans What sort of things do you plan to mentor on?
experience What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
experience lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
experience A couple projects that I am trying to finish up before Thanksgiving  Do you have any fun plans for the break?
experience I'll try to get a group together.
experience I tried skiing once, and by the end of the beginner class I was able to make it down a baby-sized slope.
experience I'm trying out keto!
experience would love to try
experience Not that you shouldn't try though!
experience I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.
experience Ever tried it yourself?
experience Im trying to watch my weight, would you recommend it?
experience I'm trying to figure out why.
experience I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
experience Not sure if you have tried it or not
experience Ever tried that before?
experience Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
experience Nothing exciting.
experience We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
experience I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though  Have you seen Frasier?
experience Have you tried them?
experience So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name.
experience Let's try something different.
experience I'll give it a try next time.
experience I tried skiing and white water rafting.
experience I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end
experience Who said I want to be a pastry chef?
experience Ever give those a try?
experience Hmm, try taking some <REDACTED_TERM>!
experience Buying a tree is a neat experience.
experience You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!
experience it's quite a unique experience
experience It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him.
experience I really want to try bull riding.
experience The mechanic is trying to figure that out now.
experience I'm starting by trying to sell my pictures online
experience I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read.
experience Have you tried any extreme sports?
experience I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it
experience Have you tried  I think that's how you write it
experience oh right, already seen wild wild country.
experience Im trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go!
experience Ahhh sounds exciting indeed!
experience let me know when you have tried those.
experience Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress.
experience Any specific foods you're planning on trying?
experience I'd love to try!
movies what else do you like to do beside movies?
movies Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies!
movies haha it's a great movie that I haven't found anything of the same quality
movies But it was fun to watch with friends  It was touching at the end of the movie
movies I love seeing movies by myself, it's the best.
movies I saw that very same movie over Thanksgiving break.
movies my favorite movie is Avatar!
movies I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows.
movies I really enjoy the Avenger movies
movies I'm taking a fake sick day from work so I can go to the movies.
movies I saw a scary movie about that once.
movies so you like action movies?
movies it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures.  the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.
movies What's your favorite movie?
movies What movie?
movies I think that movie did really well when it was in the box office so it must be good!
movies I watched bits of Terminators movies but never a full one
cooking Thats great!
cooking neat.  what are y'all eating?
cooking I'm doing great.
cooking I don't think I can survive in that weather ever.  Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms
cooking I enjoy eating
cooking I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated.
cooking I sometimes eat noodle soups in thanksgiving instead haha
cooking Noodle soup is delicious!  Do you make homemade noodle soup or do you prefer to go out?
cooking They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food!
cooking Perhaps instead of mind-reading powers, you have the ability to feel the auras of foods that have come and gone.
cooking My favorite food is Chinese.
cooking What kind of food would you have eaten if it wasn't rainy?
cooking Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!
cooking What sort of food do you feel like?
cooking yeah, I would have noodles anyday over turkey.
cooking Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.
cooking I'm great!
cooking I'm great, thanks.
cooking I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)
cooking that's still pretty fun are you going to cook the turkey yourself?
cooking What kind of cookies have you made?
cooking that's a great question, and I'm definitely both.  this trip will mostly be about food though, and relaxing
cooking I hope the weather will be nice
cooking It has good Japanese food if you're into that.
cooking If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
cooking It's great, thanks.
cooking so definitely would like to try your best chocolate cookie
cooking It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes!
cooking photography is awesome, don't be afraid to follow your dreams!
cooking Sounds great!
cooking ramen is my favorite dish and Sapporo is a special beer
cooking I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen.
cooking did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?
cooking hahaha that's a great way to put it
cooking Best part is you can claim you are eating vegetables as you enjoy it!
cooking I'm looking through some old photos of my home town, so I'm feeling nostalgic.
cooking Great!
cooking Do you think Neural Link will allow you to live after death?
cooking I'm doing great how are you?
cooking It was great!
cooking we're gonna play board games and will be eating lots of food!
cooking We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.
cooking great!
cooking Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz.  Do you like cooking?
cooking I'm not a good cook haha
cooking Posters is a great idea.  So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name.
cooking Catching up with friends is great!
cooking Mint chocolate chips.
cooking But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food.
cooking Asian food prefer spicy one
cooking What types of food do you like to eat?
cooking how is the youtube video creation going?
cooking Yep, we seemed to have made some great progress over last few years.
cooking Great!
cooking Great!
cooking Great food in both cities!
cooking I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream.
cooking I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
cooking I only know Ramen places for Japanese food
cooking Apparently, you cannot fly 24 hrs after you dive, because your body accumulates too much <REDACTED_TERM> when breathing with a cylinder So, don't do that!
cooking can't wait to try your food.  why not cook this Thanksgiving?
cooking Where and what did you eat?
cooking ooh ramen is also good
cooking I think they have a Hokkaido ramen chain available in the US.
cooking that's great.
cooking That turns my mind to nutrition so I suddenly want to say Soylent or one of those other "complete foods", which I think defeats the purpose of the question.
cooking Oddly enough, I also catch Pokmon on my phone.
cooking what is your favorite place for ramen?
cooking But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.
cooking Great!
cooking I'm great, thanks!
cooking Buying a tree is a neat experience.
cooking Sounds great!
cooking Even though I bake, I cannot cook
cooking Great! reat!
cooking Hmm you like spicy food.
cooking I love hot chocolate.  Have you ever had european style hot chocolate?  It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
cooking doing great!
cooking well I actually think about pursuing photography, but it's really hard
cooking Who created You?
cooking So yup it was great Haha, nice  Got any fun plans for the weekend?
cooking any food you're craving for?
cooking I'm great, thanks.
cooking We cooked it at a friends house.
cooking I heard many great things about Yoga
cooking Pretty great.
cooking If you said an everything pizza, you could just pick off the toppings you didn't want or eat only the toppings you would want for the day
cooking what food do you like to eat?
cooking Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?
cooking Oh that is great!  I love seafood - especially shellfish!
cooking I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste!
cooking LOL I feel less guilty about eating a whole pie when i have the excuse :P
cooking Memeories always flood when looking at photos.
cooking it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures.
cooking Great idea!
cooking I generally love noodle soups like Pho or Ramen :)
cooking I'm a food person I think.  Any specific foods you're planning on trying?
cooking Great humour!
cooking It's a good metaphor.
cooking Great!
holidays Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
holidays Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
holidays Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
holidays Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
holidays Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
holidays I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
holidays Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
holidays I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
holidays Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
holidays Are you doing any home decorating then?
holidays Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
holidays Are you doing any home decorating then?
holidays Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
holidays I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
holidays Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
holidays I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
holidays Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
holidays I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?
holidays that does sound nice. so what are you doing these holidays?
holidays I am having all of the extended family over for a big meal. We will also go <REDACTED_TERM> as well. What will you do in the bahamas?
holidays that does sound nice. so what are you doing these holidays?
holidays I am having all of the extended family over for a big meal. We will also go <REDACTED_TERM> as well. What will you do in the bahamas?
holidays Stuffing! yes please! I wonder what would be the excitement levels for christmas then :)
holidays Also more shopping? what should I buy if I don't know what I want?
holidays Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.
holidays I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?
holidays Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.
holidays I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?
holidays Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?
holidays Sorry for the late response -- Yes, I will be going skiing in Tahoe over the holidays.
holidays Any big plans for the upcoming holidays?
holidays Sorry for the late response -- Yes, I will be going skiing in Tahoe over the holidays.
holidays Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
holidays Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?
holidays Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?
holidays Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?
holidays Im trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?
holidays Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
holidays Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?
holidays oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?
holidays Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
holidays awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?
holidays but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve
holidays Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.
holidays Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions  So how do i get a fresher outlook?
holidays Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
holidays Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
holidays not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!
holidays Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
holidays not yet! totally up for it. thanks for inviting!
holidays I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?
holidays I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?
holidays I am doing well. Do you have any plans for the holidays?
holidays I'll be in Mexico for New Years but for Christmas I'll likely be at work. Yourself?
holidays I don't have any special plans. I will just stay at home with my family. How come you have to work on Christmas?
holidays I traveled a lot the last few months so I'm currently making up for it!
holidays Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?
holidays I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!
holidays Everything is good. There's so much to be thankful for - especially coming out of Thanksgiving holidays. How are you?
holidays I'm doing well. holiday season is the best thing to have!
